Add docs about patch run (#332)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/ci-cd/github-workflow/examples.md

```

That's it! The entities are updated and visible in the UI.

## Basic update run example

> In this example you will create action that deploy the latest version of your service, and update the `ciJob` entity with the deployment status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example you will create a self-service action that deploys the latest version of your service, and updates the `ciJob` entity with the deployment status.
```

> Add the following snippet to your actions in `image` blueprint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following action to your `image` blueprint actions:
```

> 

Reviewer: Add an `info` block that says:

The example here is meant to show a common flow when using a Port self-service action and then using Port's GitHub action to update its logs, status and other information.

In order to use Port's GItHub action to make these updates, you will need your backend to either be a [GitHub workflow](https://docs.getport.io/create-self-service-experiences/setup-backend/github-workflow/) or for a different [backend](https://docs.getport.io/create-self-service-experiences/setup-backend/#supported-backends) of your choosing to trigger a GitHub workflow as part of its logic

<ExampleCiAction/>

> After triggering the action in Port, a new run will be created in Port (Note that the runId that generated). The runId can be used to update the action status and reports logs to Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After triggering the action in Port, a new action run will be created in Port (and a matching `runId` will be generated). The runId can be used to update the action status and reports logs to Port.
```

> Add the following snippet to your GitHub workflow `yml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the new self-service action run, add the following snippet to your GitHub workflow `yml` file (note you will need to pass the correct `runId` to the action):
```

```yaml showLineNumbers
- uses: port-labs/port-github-action@v1
  with:
    clientId: ${{ secrets.CLIENT_ID }}
    clientSecret: ${{ secrets.CLIENT_SECRET }}
    operation: PATCH_RUN
    runId: ${{ env.PORT_RUN_ID }}
    icon: GithubActions
    status: "SUCCESS"
    logMessage: "Deployment completed successfully"
```

> 

Reviewer: Add a `tip` block that says this:

The example above showing updating the `status` and adding a new `logMessage` to the action run, but it is also possible to update just a specific field of an action run.

For example it is possible to trigger the GitHub action and just update the log, without changing the status.

Note that once a Port action run has a status, it can no longer be updated and changes to the catalog can no longer be tied to that action, so it is considered a best practice to update the status of an action only when it has finished performing all of its changes

```

That's it! The entities are updated and visible in the UI.

## Basic update run example

In this example you will create a self-service action that deploys the latest version of your service, and updates the `ciJob` entity with the deployment status.

Add the following action to your `image` blueprint actions:

<ExampleCiAction/>

:::info
The example here is meant to show a common flow when using a Port self-service action and then using Port's GitHub action to update its logs, status and other information.

> In order to use Port's GItHub action to make these updates, you will need your backend to either be a GitHub workflow or for a different backend of your choosing to trigger a GitHub workflow as part of its logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use Port's GitHub action to make these updates, you will need your backend to either be a GitHub workflow or for a different backend of your choosing to trigger a GitHub workflow as part of its logic
```

:::

After triggering the action in Port, a new action run will be created in Port (and a matching `runId` will be generated). The runId can be used to update the action status and reports logs to Port.

To update the new self-service action run, add the following snippet to your GitHub workflow `yml` file (note you will need to pass the correct `runId` to the action):

```yaml showLineNumbers
- uses: port-labs/port-github-action@v1
  with:
    clientId: ${{ secrets.CLIENT_ID }}
    clientSecret: ${{ secrets.CLIENT_SECRET }}
    operation: PATCH_RUN
    runId: ${{ env.PORT_RUN_ID }}
    icon: GithubActions
    status: "SUCCESS"
    logMessage: "Deployment completed successfully"
```

:::tip

> The example above showing updating the status and adding a new logMessage to the action run, but it is also possible to update just a specific field of an action run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example above shows how to update the status and add a new log message to the action run, but it is also possible to update just a specific field of an action run.
```

> For example it is possible to trigger the GitHub action and just update the log, without changing the status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example it is possible to trigger the GitHub action and just update the log, without changing its status.
```

> Note that once a Port action run has a status, it can no longer be updated and changes to the catalog can no longer be tied to that action, so it is considered a best practice to update the status of an action only when it has finished performing all of its changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that once a Port action run has a status, it can no longer be updated and changes made to the catalog can no longer be tied to that action, so it is considered a best practice to update the status of an action only when it has finished performing all of its catalog changes and logic
```
